Over the years I have spent many many many hours off "in" thought, and during this time I was able to witness amazing aspects of the reality we currently inhabit. Unfortunately you are not given an option to select your family, and had I the option, I more than likely would have selected a few of my direct family.... But surely there is some I would not have bothered to include. The part about the first half of my time here has to be "bill" (or the auspice of 'freewill'), and the fact that he has steadfastly harrassed my existence at every opportunity.

This individual and his 'team' of individuals has repeatedly attempted to limit my impact on the world around me through various means, and on which I will muse in this document for posterity, and going forward in order to document where I notice issues or receive some knowledge relative to what has or is happening. Now there is an overarching theme to all of this knowledge I've acquired in my travels (both at night and during the day).

CLear the Board
I was arrested a few years ago just after new years, and oddly while I was sleeping (@NORwalk) I had a dream about Tom Brady and I fighting, and on the cusp of his defeat he opened his button up shirt to reveal that he was a red light being, his face cracking to beams of red light flooding from them. He then motioned to some aspect of his form exploding out. Just then as my eyes filled with red I awoke to a law enforcement officer kicking me in the rib to question whether "I was sovereign". Now this was quite as few years ago now, but I have often returned to that space, and have watched in horror as it slowly became the space we currently inhabit, as our world transforms around us seemingly guided (but by what?). 
  During a subsequent return to this space of thought, very much reminiscent of "Mad Max", I found myself traveling around with a former leader assessing the situation.... It reminded me very much of our current situation, and how we are having to rebuild the social contract, yet without disclosure it will still be a pent up tent ready for the first calf to upend its pole. I for the longest time was looking at this with the wrong eyes, but now that I see what lie is propping up this system (and it's controls), I know this will not be solved as it has been in the past.
  This was part of the journey, and more seemingly important all the time, but still not quite the TIP. There are many more adventures of a similar type, but it seems that the reasons for all of this.... Especially my trip back here to say check out what's been going on, and to see why I was lied to, manipulated, cheated, tricked, drugged, and genuinely poisoned (multiple times, and I know who was responsible EVERY TIME). So on that, I had lived a healthy existence (or as healthy as a heathen can live) to a point, but during that time I had been put into an interesting situation mentally/emotionally. This is not the place I will posit as to why people have been dancing around me like a statue in another dimension while incrementally adjusting reality through the voice of others behavior, but I can tell you this is frustrating and very harmful (definitely puts a new spin on why betamax lost ;]).
  Now this really all started in Houston almost a decade ago, and I was incarcerated for the supposed theft of a computer from a gentleman named Sheldon, erroneously I may add (only the second time in my life I was punished for something I did not do). Unfortunately for Sheldon, and the others who may have been aligned with his shadowy team (kabbal), this course of action set in motion a true revolution. I had originally set up a company including Sheldon, myself, and an assembly of professionals with whom I felt comfortable endeavouring upon such a project with. But when the fruits of the labors began to come to fruition (I having been the only one to work towards the actual goal), I chose to inquire as to when other members of the team felt they should be rewarded for their lack of effort. At this point Sheldon felt his best course of action would be call in an object which I had rightfully paid for, and also replaced with a laptop (and case on my dime) as a thank you. While incarcerated I began to experience something amazing.... Something that can only be described as arriving
